Rename the tab model to Code Completion and add a description. (#9)
continuedev/amplified.dev: where-we-are-today/code-completion.md

# Code Completion model

> The "code completion" model component is used to support autocomplete suggestions and is also referred to as the "tab-autocomplete model". Tab-autocomplete models use models trained with special templates, such as FiM(Fill in the Middle), that specialize in code infilling, and typically use small models, on the order of 1-15B for low latency. Because developers need a suggestion within 500ms, you generally need to use a smaller model in order to meet the latency requirements. However, the quality of suggestions you get from models that are too small is bad. Thus, the tab-autocomplete model is optimized primarily with these two constraints in mind. Examples of models used for tab-autocomplete include Codex, CodeGemma(2,7B), CodeLlama(7,13B), DeepSeek Coder Base(1.3,6.7,33B), StarCoder2(3,7,15B), ReplitCode(3B), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "autocomplete" model component is used to power code completion suggestions and is typically a 1-15B parameter model. The models are run on your laptop or on a server and have generally been trained with special templates like fill-in-the-middle (FIM) for code infilling. Because developers need a suggestion within 500ms, you generally need to use a smaller model in order to meet the latency requirements. However, the quality of suggestions you get from models that are too small is bad. Thus, the tab-autocomplete model is optimized primarily with these two constraints in mind. Examples of models used for code completion include [Codex](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03374.pdf), [CodeGemma](https://developers.googleblog.com/2024/04/gemma-family-expands.html), [Code Llama](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2308.12950.pdf), [DeepSeek Coder Base](https://deepseekcoder.github.io/), [StarCoder 2](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2402.19173.pdf), etc.
```
